Commuan Original
Together With
Attitude Clinic
Subway Chiang Mai
Present
Self เราเห็นนาย (I see you)
Supported by attitude clinic.
Shine your attitude, reveals your beauty.
If you go, I will really jump.
Don't act like this, bro.
The melody that connect our heart together.
I walked away.. just a few steps.
Then p'Fei was gone...
If I didn't give up,
If I didn't walk away.
P'Fei will not die, right?
No, it's not your fault.
Why do you believe me?
I don't know... I just want to believe.
You probably just want someone in the world to trust you.
Same as me wanting my friends to believe
that I couldn't see myself.
Thank you, bro
for believing in me.
Umm
Thank you too, for trusting me
Kiddo
Hey, you awake?
Sorry, am I playing guitar a bit too loud?
You played it really nice.
I just wrote a song..
But it's freaking hard when I don't have May beside.
So...do you want to reunite with P' May , P' Mei?
Of course.
But I'm not brave enough to meet them.
Doing so much shit to them
Well... since you are here,
Can you check how I look?
I can't see myself.
Sure, let's see
(Still yelling out loud?)
(Ready to break through the wall..)
(There's no one aware or care about you tho.)
(You're might just want someone..)
(The one that never know, never see, never judge you nothing)
(They force you to become a villain..)
(An evil without a heart for anyone to love)
How was it?
Oh, that's pretty good,
but...
you didn't look or stared at me at all.
I don't like looking at people's faces when playing guitar.
Why?
I don't know...
So... try looking into my eyes.
Hmmm...no,
Please..
See! you can do it. Why do you scare to look into other's eye?
Well...
When I was young..
My dad used to criticize me
No confidence at all
Start over, again
It's off the beat.
Start again...concentrate more
Enough
Have you remembered anything from the music school?
You sing over and over, but still being wrong in the same place, the same point
Are you even embarrassed that you're this suck!
Tang.. or would you like to try to other fields?
You don't have to be a singer. If you're not good at singing, or if you're not confident.
Spent a lot of money going to school, how could you let him go other ways?
Keep practicing singing. If it's still sound stupid, don't stop!
And do you dare to go for a scholarship of the music school?
Or being a singer?
Honey..
Tang..
Hmmm?
... well,
When I was a kid.
My parents said that I can't sing well.
No good to be a singer
Still, they forced me to keep practicing singing.
Seriously,
I want to be a singer.
I like playing guitar.
But I just don't like looking at people's faces when playing.
It made me thinking of them.
Bro, you sing really well tho.
I was accused by the whole school that I was a murderer.
But I wasn't.
Just like you,
Your parents said you couldn't sing well,
but actually you're really good at it.
Are you my life coach or something?
Come on!! I'll go live-coach for you today,
What? Going where?
I'll take you there! Get up real quick!
Sign your name here please,
Okay..
Ok, I will do the pimple injection first.
And then we will go do the treatment up-stairs.
Does it hurt, doc?
It hurts so bad!
Ok 1 2 3 / Ok done, does it hurt?
It doesn't hurt at all.
Here bro!
What?
You don't look at your audience when you play,
so here I am! bringing you to play int front of them.
No way man,
Please.. let's try.
Consider as taking me to a sightseeing tour of your city.
Uh,
Okay okay!
Where then?
there
June : How are you bro?
June : Neo didn't do anything, right?
Oh... thanks
I’ve got your back!
Okay
There will be a special performance by Tang, from Tang May band.
Please come join us
Let's give a big round of applause for him!
Eh... Nam-Mei
Are you okay? inviting me out for a walk like this after all that happened..
Yeah, I'm okay,
I guess Tang didn't do that on purpose.
And if you were me, you might be even more shocked.
The situation might just be unintentional.
But...isn't it a bit too much?
Nah I don't think so,
Wait, is that Tang?
Why did he come to play here?
Usually, he doesn't like playing in front of a lot of people.
No matter how many times I invite him, he still won't come.
(Let her see that my love suits her more)
(How many tears will it take to make her fall for me?)
(In the end, it's the price...)
Hi everyone.
My name is Tang.
I'm the lead singer of the band Tang-May
In fact, there is another guitarist...named May.
May is a very good guitarist...and also good at song composing.
When I don't have him, I feel nervous..
I feel completely at a loss.
It would be nice if May came to play with me today.
And our band also has a manager...named Nam-Mei.
No matter how many times I make mistakes.. how bad I am..
She was always right there..
for me and the band,
May..
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you that May and Nam-Mei would come.
Umm, it's fine
I'm sorry that I shocked you yesterday.
It's okay, but don't worry about me, please worry about May..
He just...
You're so bad playing this alone.
Let me help, so you might get better
That would be awesome!!!
(Maybe it's the wind that just blows)
(Maybe it's the clouds floating in the sky)
(But how it will be, I'm still looking forward that one day the love might come)
(One day love might come nearby)
Hey.. there's a lot of people watching the live today.
and here too
It's literally because of you guys.
Umm... that's right, I agree!
Guys... I'm really ashamed for how bad I am..
Nah. don't use the word "bad"..
it's actually "asshole" / Too much!
Damn! Well, I know right..
I just want to apologize to you guys.
The whole thing that I didn't give you credit..
and the thing that I broke the promise of the two of you..
Thank you for coming here today.
You don't have to thank me at all.
You should say thanks to Neo, He messaged me to come here.
Otherwise, I probably won't come... Here I have to fool May too,
Haa? / Yup!
You again Nam-Mei! And you guys..? are you all fooling me?
I gotcha... haha. Don't you know?
Oh!!! I'm totally dead.
Oh, really got fooled
You guys..
Do you still want to continue doing our band?
Hmm, Do you want to?
Of course I want to / Me too
, but May....
Then... seems like there's no problem!
Oh, cheers! / yay!
(Crying)
hey, hey, Nam-Mei,
what's wrong with you?
I'm glad you guys got back together.
I haven't slept for many nights.
Sorry, sorry
Your fault!
Look, we won't fight anymore.
Well, we love each other to death.
Shake hands...
When did you text May and Nam-Mei to come? You didn't tell me.
I need to have my own gimmicks bro,
I took Nam-Mei's IG from your IG.
and I messaged her, that's it.
And you asked them to come like this... don't you think we would have a fight??
Well, you told me that you want to reunite with them.
Besides, I already knew by just only looking into your eyes.
that I don't wanna have a fight with your friends
you master degree of reunion huh!?
Er.. Neo,
why don't people in Lamphun believe that you're not the one who did it.
A guy like you.. shouldn't be able to hurt anyone..
There are some people who spin the trend on social media.
People love P'Fei,
Even if the police have evidence that I didn't do it.
Fei's fans... still don't believe.
And keep pissing me off
Even the whole world doesn't believe in me
it’s just only you who trust..
that's enough.
Hey Neo,
I know how to help you telling people that you didn't kill Fei.
How, bro?
Here we go
Hello, I'm Tang.
Now I'm with Neo.
I want to speak on behalf of Neo, who is being accused of being a murder.
Actually, Neo didn't do anything.
And also even help me.
But for those who still do not believe that he is innocent.
and strongly believe that he is a murderer. That's okay.
But I want you to ask you to stop spread the fake news now.
I really hope that you guys will see another side of Neo
as the way I do
And you guys will know that Neo isn't like what you all thought.
Thank you.
I will upload this clip on instagram, Tiktok, Facebook
In case someone might change their mind.
Thank you so much, bro.
It's alright.
You can go take a shower now. It's a bit stinky!
Okay
June : Did you see this picture?
June : It was a notebook that Neo wrote before killing Fei.
(Because of you! I will kill you P'Fei!! Why you spread rumors to others that we had sex??? Fuck you! I'll kill you! Bastard!)
Tang : Was that Fei's account?
June : Yes,
Tang : Is it real?
June : The classmate said it was Neo's handwriting.
June :Don't mess with Neo, bro. It's scary.
Tang: Shit.. you right.
Tang : Don't you text me no more okay? He might know.
Don't pretend that you sleep!
Hmm? Are you really sleeping?
Dude!
Enough, enough
Bro!!
Will you tease me again?
Do you surrender? / I do...
You're in charge, sir!
I surrender everything.
I'm sorry...
I might need to take a shower..
Aha..
(You just kill a guy, but why you seem so happy?)
(Escaping to Chiang Mai make you being cheerful right?)
(Want us to go see you in Chiang Mai???)
(Bitch like me must be dead rn!)
What the fuck is this?
June???
How can they both have contact of each other?
June : Hey bro, I'm the guy you met this evening
June : How are u? Neo didn't do anything bad to you right?
June : Be careful bro!
June : Are you home?
June : This is the clip of Neo hitting his friend!
Damn June!!!!!
What's wrong with you dude..
OMG!
Neo!!!
Hey! Neo, you know what..
Why do you play around with the gun?
Do you think I'm playing?
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck are you then?
Why are you fucking talk to this asshole June?
Listened to me.
Before I came to see you
I met June first.
And he's the one who gave me your address!
Why did you do this?
June is helpful.
Anything about you, I always kinda chat with him.
But I didn't tell you because I don't want you to blame it on him.
Then do you know?
This damn June..
is Fei's brother!
June : Bro, it's me June..
Self เราเห็นนาย (I see you)
Attitude Clinic.
The acne will be gone right away.
Calm down, miss.
Let the officer work please.
Fei!!!!
My son.. Fei!!
You know what..
How much love that P'Fei could give you?
He could do anything for you
My family has broken down because of you!
You are the murder!
Everyone hates you!!
A guy like you.. have no worth to live!!!
Nobody wants to be around you!